README.md, before:

**Table of Contents** *generated with [autotoc](https://github.com/Wilfred/autotoc)*

- [Django Function Cache](#django-function-cache)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Installing](#installing)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Alternatives](#alternatives)
  - [Changelog](#changelog)
    - [v1.1](#v11)
    - [v1.0](#v10)
  - [Developing](#developing)
    - [Releasing a new version](#releasing-a-new-version)

# Django Function Cache

`django_function_cache` allows you to wrap functions so they cache
their output if they are repeatedly called with the same arguments.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Wilfred/django-function-cache.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Wilfred/django-function-cache)

## Requirements

* Python 2.6+ (untested with Python 3)
* Django 1.4+

## Installing

    $ pip install django_function_cache

## Usage

Simply wrap `cached` around your expensive function:

    from urllib2 import urlopen
    import json

    from django_function_cache import cached


    def get_external_ip():
        response = urlopen("http://httpbin.org/ip").read()
        ip = json.loads(response)['origin']
        return ip


    def print_my_ip():
        print cached(get_external_ip)()

You can also specify a timeout:

    def print_my_ip():
        print cached(get_external_ip, minutes=5)()

You can specify any time units
[supported by timedelta](http://docs.python.org/2/library/datetime.html#datetime.timedelta).

If the wrapped function raises an exception, nothing is cached and the
exception propagates as if you'd call the function directly.

## Alternatives

If you're just caching database calls, you're probably better off
using
[Johnny Cache](http://pythonhosted.org/johnny-cache/index.html).

## Changelog

### v1.2

Added Python 2.6 support. Added Travis tests to ensure we work with
the range of Python versions and Django versions that we claim we do.

### v1.1

Changed the top level package name. Previously you would write:

    from cached import cached

Now:

    from django_function_cache import cached

### v1.0

Initial release.

## Developing

Check out the code, and install it in a virtual environment that
includes Django:

    $ source path/to/your/virtualenv
    $ pip install -e .

Hack away, then send a pull request when you're happy.

### Releasing a new version

    $ python setup.py sdist upload

Commit message:

Noting that output must be picklable.

README.md, after:

**Table of Contents** *generated with [autotoc](https://github.com/Wilfred/autotoc)*

- [Django Function Cache](#django-function-cache)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Installing](#installing)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Alternatives](#alternatives)
  - [Changelog](#changelog)
    - [v1.1](#v11)
    - [v1.0](#v10)
  - [Developing](#developing)
    - [Releasing a new version](#releasing-a-new-version)

# Django Function Cache

`django_function_cache` allows you to wrap functions so they cache
their output if they are repeatedly called with the same
arguments. Assumes that functions return values that can be pickled.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Wilfred/django-function-cache.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Wilfred/django-function-cache)

## Requirements

* Python 2.6+ (untested with Python 3)
* Django 1.4+

## Installing

    $ pip install django_function_cache

## Usage

Simply wrap `cached` around your expensive function:

    from urllib2 import urlopen
    import json

    from django_function_cache import cached


    def get_external_ip():
        response = urlopen("http://httpbin.org/ip").read()
        ip = json.loads(response)['origin']
        return ip


    def print_my_ip():
        print cached(get_external_ip)()

You can also specify a timeout:

    def print_my_ip():
        print cached(get_external_ip, minutes=5)()

You can specify any time units
[supported by timedelta](http://docs.python.org/2/library/datetime.html#datetime.timedelta).

If the wrapped function raises an exception, nothing is cached and the
exception propagates as if you'd call the function directly.

## Alternatives

If you're just caching database calls, you're probably better off
using
[Johnny Cache](http://pythonhosted.org/johnny-cache/index.html).

## Changelog

### v1.2

Added Python 2.6 support. Added Travis tests to ensure we work with
the range of Python versions and Django versions that we claim we do.

### v1.1

Changed the top level package name. Previously you would write:

    from cached import cached

Now:

    from django_function_cache import cached

### v1.0

Initial release.

## Developing

Check out the code, and install it in a virtual environment that
includes Django:

    $ source path/to/your/virtualenv
    $ pip install -e .

Hack away, then send a pull request when you're happy.

### Releasing a new version

    $ python setup.py sdist upload
